Update User Guide for listOrder Command and FooChao.md (#66)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F14a-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the address book.
* `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

### Listing all orders under a Person : `listOrder`

List all orders under the specified person from the address book.

Format: `listOrder INDEX`

* List all orders under the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:
* `list` followed by `listOrder 2` lists all orders under the 2nd person in the address book.

> * `find Betsy` followed by `listOrder 1` lists all order under the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `find Betsy` followed by `listOrder 1` lists all orders of the 1st person from the list of persons found with "Betsy".
```

## Command summary

Action                | Format, Examples
----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> **Add person**        | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague`

Reviewer: Similar comments on adding "a" person for specificity of command, albeit supposedly inferred from singular "person"

**Clear**             | `clear`
**Delete person**     | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit person**       | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find person**       | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`

> **List persons**      | `list`

Author: persons is used in javadocs but idk if it is a typo

Reviewer: Another alternative is to state "List all persons"

Author: ok
